Add Embedded Cluster limitations (#2439)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/vendor/embedded-overview.mdx

* Linux operating system
* x86-64 architecture
* systemd
* Embedded Cluster is based on k0s, so all k0s system requirements apply. See [System requirements](https://docs.k0sproject.io/stable/system-requirements/) in the k0s documentation.

### Limitations

Embedded Cluster has the following limitations:

* **Multi-node support is in alpha**: Support for multi-node embedded clusters is in alpha. Only single-node embedded clusters are in beta.

* **No migration from kURL**: There is not a supported path to migrate an existing kURL instance to Embedded Cluster.

* **Air gap support is in alpha**: Support for air gap installations with Embedded Cluster is an alpha feature.

> * **Monitoring applications with Prometheus not supported**: Embedded Cluster installations do not include Prometheus to collect instance and cluster metrics. Embedded Cluster installations also do not display graphs on the Admin Console dashboard for monitoring the instance, nor support adding custom graphs to the Admin Console dashboard using the KOTS Application custom resource [`graphs`](/reference/custom-resource-application#graphs) field. For more information about monitoring applications with Prometheus in existing cluster or kURL installations, see [Monitoring Applications](/enterprise/monitoring-applications).

Reviewer: I'd be fine to remove this if we mention on the monitoring page that it's embedded cluster only. I don't know that we'll add this "as is," so in some ways I'd rather not draw attention to it in the EC docs.

> * **Backup and restore with snapshots is not supported**: Embedded Cluster installations do not support backup and restore with the KOTS snapshots feature. For more information about snapshots, see [Understanding Backup and Restore](/vendor/snapshots-overview).

Reviewer: We could say DR is in alpha if we say air gap is in alpha. Or we could remove this if we want to rely on our Google doc for DR until it's Beta or GA. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yOycXLVQBFZcGN-9pW14wMG0N-m0z7GSxPzvOkdCuaU/edit

Author: I'm leaning towards marking it alpha then since that's the existing pattern here, but do you have a preference?

* **Changing node hostnames is not supported**: After a host is added to a Kubernetes cluster, Kubernetes assumes that the hostname and IP address of the host will not change. If you need to change the hostname or IP address of a node, you must first remove the node from the cluster. For more information about the requirements for naming nodes, see [Node name uniqueness](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/architecture/nodes/#node-name-uniqueness) in the Kubernetes documentation.

* **Automated installations with the KOTS CLI not supported**: Users cannot do automated (headless) Embedded Cluster installations using the KOTS CLI because it is not possible to configure the application by passing the [ConfigValues](/vendor/releases-configvalues) file with the installation command. Embedded Cluster installations require that the application is configured from the Admin Console config screen. For more information about automating existing cluster or kURL installations with the KOTS CLI, see [Installing with the CLI](/enterprise/installing-existing-cluster-automation).

> * **Embedded Cluster release artifact not available through the Download Portal**: The binary required to install with Embedded Cluster cannot be shared with users through the Download Portal. Users can follow the Embedded Cluster installation instructions to download and extract the binary in order to install with Embedded Cluster. For more information, see [Download the Embedded Cluster Binary](/vendor/embedded-overview#download-the-embedded-cluster-binary).

Author: ^ will update this link after moving the info to its own topic

Author: Also just stuck with the binary language for now to match the section

* **`minKotsVersion` and `targetKotsVersion` not supported**: The [`minKotsVersion`](/reference/custom-resource-application#minkotsversion-beta) and [`targetKotsVersion`](/reference/custom-resource-application#targetkotsversion) fields in the KOTS Application custom resource are not supported for Embedded Cluster installations. This is because each version of Embedded Cluster includes a particular version of KOTS. Setting `targetKotsVersion` or `minKotsVersion` to a version of KOTS that does not coincide with the version that is included in the specified version of Embedded Cluster will cause Embedded Cluster installations to fail with an error message like: `Error: This version of App Name requires a different version of KOTS from what you currently have installed`. To avoid installation failures, do not use targetKotsVersion or minKotsVersion in releases that support installation with Embedded Cluster.

* **Support bundles over 100MB**: Support bundles are stored in rqlite. Bundles over 100MB could cause rqlite to crash, causing errors in the installation.

> * **KOTS KubernetesVersion template function not supported**: The [KubernetesVersion](/reference/template-functions-static-context#kubernetesversion) template function does not provide accurate Kubernetes version information for Embedded Cluster installations. This is because the KubernetesVersion template function is rendered during deployment, before any necessary Kubernetes updates are completed. Vendors can know the version of Kubernetes that is deployed in a cluster based on the version of Kubernetes that is included in the version of Embedded Cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **KOTS `KubernetesVersion` template function not supported**: The [KubernetesVersion](/reference/template-functions-static-context#kubernetesversion) template function does not provide accurate Kubernetes version information for Embedded Cluster installations. This is because the `KubernetesVersion` template function is rendered before the Kubernetes cluster has been updated to the intended version. However, `KubernetesVersion` is not necessary for Embedded Cluster because vendors specify the Embedded Cluster version, which includes a known Kubernetes version.
```

Reviewer: This is true for `KubernetesMajorVersion` and others like it.

Reviewer: The last sentence is clunky because there's so much indirection (the version of this and the version of that), but I tried to make it clearer.

* When a customer instance fetches a new version of your application, the version is rendered by the currently deployed version of KOTS. If your new application version uses functionality that the currently deployed version of KOTS doesn't support, your application version will not be rendered and cannot be upgraded to. In the interim, we are limiting new functionality introduced in KOTS that could trigger this issue, and we are working on a solution.
* **Automated installations with the KOTS CLI not supported**: Users cannot do automated (headless) Embedded Cluster installations using the KOTS CLI because it is not possible to configure the application by passing the [ConfigValues](/vendor/releases-configvalues) file with the installation command. Embedded Cluster installations require that the application is configured from the Admin Console config screen. For more information about automating existing cluster or kURL installations with the KOTS CLI, see [Installing with the CLI](/enterprise/installing-existing-cluster-automation).

> ### kURL Feature Parity

Author: Removed this section about kURL feature parity because it had redundancies with the Limitations section
